reviewer-guide: Update notes on use of informers (#8538)
kubevirt/kubevirt: docs/reviewer-guide.md

## Common Architecture Flaws to Avoid

* Avoid using api GETs/LISTs to retrieve an object from the api-server when an informer is more appropriate. In general, informers should be used in cluster wide components such as virt-controller and virt-operator. 

> * Note that informers should not however be used within virt-api. This is because unlike virt-controller and virt-operator the API can scale freely, does not use any leader election and often doesn't need caches to be updated prior to executing webhooks. For this reason using api GETs etc for object retrival are recommended from within the virt-api. See [this ML thread for more context](https://groups.google.com/g/kubevirt-dev/c/q_hR1tFH4Rk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note that informers should not however be used within virt-api. This is because unlike virt-controller and virt-operator the API can scale freely, does not use any leader election and pre-caching objects with informers can lead to an unexpected high amount of object transfers far beyond context information retrieval via GETs during actual webhook invocations. For this reason using api GETs etc for object retrieval are recommended from within the virt-api. See [this ML thread for more context](https://groups.google.com/g/kubevirt-dev/c/q_hR1tFH4Rk).
```
